readme.md, before:

# Block Everything! - AdBlock Filter List

## What Are We?

Ad Blockers are plugins/addons that you add to your web browser to block ads. Most of these plugins work by checking "filter lists" such as this one.

I recommend uBlock Origin ad block plugin.

## Add This List To Your Ad Blocker

[Click here to add](https://subscribe.adblockplus.org/?location=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedDragonWebDesign/block-everything/master/block-everything.txt&title=Block%20Everything%21)

## What We Block

The default uBlock Origin lists block most ads and tracking.

[Web Annoyances Ultralist](https://github.com/yourduskquibbles/webannoyances) blocks most floating items.

This list is for the few ads and annoyances that these two lists don't cover.

Our goal is to block ***everything*** annoying. Anything that disrupts the normal reading flow of the page. Anything that tries to influence the reader to do something unnecessary.

Categories:

- Anything in news articles that is not normal article text. (e.g. related article links)
- Anything in social media feeds that is not a normal feed item.
- Banner notifications. Anything from "call volume higher than usual", to COVID, to BLM.
- Nags or attempts to influence in any form.
- Minor ads and banners missed by major filter lists.

Examples:

- YouTube's homepage has some panels such as "Recommended Movies", "Latest YouTube posts", and "Breaking news". We block those. We just want to see the normal recommended videos.
- New Reddit's homepage has "Updates from Reddit", "Trending today", and "Top broadcast right now" (videos/streamers). We block those. We just want to see the normal recommended posts.
- Your LinkedIn user profile is littered with little nags that try to get you to do things. We block those.
- etc.

## Who Can Contribute

Contributions welcome! Just make sure you have uBlock Origin installed, check all 7 of the "Annoyances" lists (even the non default, hidden ones), and add [Web Annoyances Ultralist](https://subscribe.adblockplus.org/?location=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yourduskquibbles/webannoyances/master/ultralist.txt&title=Web%20Annoyances%20Ultralist). Anything not blocked by these lists is welcome to be included here.

## How to block ads on Android

You can block ads on your phone. But Chrome For Android does not have plugins, so you need to use a browser like Firefox For Android.

Commit message:

Add install instructions for Brave

readme.md, after:

# Block Everything! - AdBlock Filter List

## What Are We?

Ad Blockers are plugins/addons that you add to your web browser to block ads. Most of these plugins work by checking "filter lists" such as this one.

I recommend uBlock Origin ad block plugin.

## Add This List To Your Ad Blocker

[Click here to add](https://subscribe.adblockplus.org/?location=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedDragonWebDesign/block-everything/master/block-everything.txt&title=Block%20Everything%21)

## Add This List To Brave

The Brave browser (desktop and mobile) has a built-in ad blocker.
To add the Block Everything filter list, open Brave's adblock config under `brave://adblock`, click on *Add filter list via URL* and enter this URL:

```
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedDragonWebDesign/block-everything/master/block-everything.txt
```

## What We Block

The default uBlock Origin lists block most ads and tracking.

[Web Annoyances Ultralist](https://github.com/yourduskquibbles/webannoyances) blocks most floating items.

This list is for the few ads and annoyances that these two lists don't cover.

Our goal is to block ***everything*** annoying. Anything that disrupts the normal reading flow of the page. Anything that tries to influence the reader to do something unnecessary.

Categories:

- Anything in news articles that is not normal article text. (e.g. related article links)
- Anything in social media feeds that is not a normal feed item.
- Banner notifications. Anything from "call volume higher than usual", to COVID, to BLM.
- Nags or attempts to influence in any form.
- Minor ads and banners missed by major filter lists.

Examples:

- YouTube's homepage has some panels such as "Recommended Movies", "Latest YouTube posts", and "Breaking news". We block those. We just want to see the normal recommended videos.
- New Reddit's homepage has "Updates from Reddit", "Trending today", and "Top broadcast right now" (videos/streamers). We block those. We just want to see the normal recommended posts.
- Your LinkedIn user profile is littered with little nags that try to get you to do things. We block those.
- etc.

## Who Can Contribute

Contributions welcome! Just make sure you have uBlock Origin installed, check all 7 of the "Annoyances" lists (even the non default, hidden ones), and add [Web Annoyances Ultralist](https://subscribe.adblockplus.org/?location=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yourduskquibbles/webannoyances/master/ultralist.txt&title=Web%20Annoyances%20Ultralist). Anything not blocked by these lists is welcome to be included here.

## How to block ads on Android

You can block ads on your phone. But Chrome For Android does not have plugins, so you need to use a browser like Firefox For Android.
